Add clarification on package managers x64 support;add manual install … (#16246)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/runtime.md

## Install with a package manager

You can install the .NET Core Runtime with many of the common Linux package managers. For more information, see [Linux Package Manager - Install .NET Core](linux-package-managers.md).

> Installing with a package manager is only supported for 64-bit CPUs. If you're installing the .NET Core Runtime with a 32-bit CPU, follow the [Download and manually install](#download-and-manually-install) instructions below.

Reviewer: > 32-bit CPU

This is one example, but I'm pretty sure arm/arm64 are much more popular.

In fact... it might be misleading to say "64-bit CPU" and "32-bit CPU", since it's really the x86-64 *arch* that's supported, and I think processors that support x86-64 also generally support installing a 32-bit x86 OS (i686?). The category also would suggest we support arm64, a "64-bit CPU", but we don't.

I'd suggest replacing 64-bit with x86-64 or x64, and use "ARM or ARM64" as the example "other" type.

> Installing with a package manager is only supported on the x64 architecture. If you're installing the .NET Core Runtime with a different architecture, such as ARM, follow the [Download and manually install](#download-and-manually-install) instructions below. For more information about what architectures are supported, see [.NET Core dependencies and requirements](dependencies.md).

Reviewer 2: Don't use below
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/b/below

```suggestion
Installing it with a package manager is only supported on the x64 architecture. If you're installing the .NET Core Runtime with a different architecture, such as ARM, follow the instructions on the [Download and manually install](#download-and-manually-install) section. For more information about what architectures are supported, see [.NET Core dependencies and requirements](dependencies.md).
```

## Download and manually install

> To extract the SDK and make the commands available at the terminal, first [download](#all-net-core-downloads) a .NET Core binary release. Then, open a terminal and run the following commands.

Reviewer 2: SDK? Wasn't this about runtime?

```bash
mkdir -p $HOME/dotnet && tar zxf aspnetcore-runtime-3.1.0-linux-x64.tar.gz -C $HOME/dotnet
export DOTNET_ROOT=$HOME/dotnet
export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/dotnet
```

> [!TIP]

> > The above `export` commands will only make the .NET Core commands available for the terminal session in which it was run.

Reviewer 2: Don't use above 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/a/above

```suggestion
> The preceding `export` commands only make the .NET Core commands available for the terminal session in which it was run.
```

Reviewer 2: But if you're only installing the runtime and not the SDK, why would you get .NET Core commands?

Reviewer: I don't know if I've seen a proper name for them, but I think this is about commands like `dotnet --info` and `dotnet [name of executable]` that don't require the SDK.
